books/README.md, before:

# World of Darkness Books Sync

This directory contains the World of Darkness books synchronized from the-eye.eu.

## Setup

No manual setup required! The sync script automatically creates and manages its own virtual environment.

Requirements:
- Python 3.7 or higher
- `python3-venv` package (usually included with Python)

If you get an error about venv not being available, install it:
```bash
# Debian/Ubuntu
sudo apt install python3-venv

# Fedora/RHEL
sudo dnf install python3-venv
```

## Usage

Simply run the sync script:

```bash
cd books/
./sync.sh
```

Or from the project root:

```bash
./books/sync.sh
```

The script will automatically:
1. Create a virtual environment (first run only)
2. Install required dependencies (first run or when updated)
3. Run the sync process

## Features

### Sync Script (`sync.sh`)
- ✅ **Recursive Download**: Downloads all files from World of Darkness directory and subdirectories
- ✅ **Resume Support**: Automatically resumes interrupted downloads
- ✅ **Auto-Retry**: Retries failed downloads 3 times with exponential backoff (2s, 4s, 8s)
- ✅ **Rate Limiting**: 1 second delay between downloads to avoid overwhelming server
- ✅ **Smart Skipping**: Skips files that already exist with matching size
- ✅ **Progress Bars**: Shows progress for each file download (no verbose output)
- ✅ **Directory Structure**: Preserves the exact directory structure locally
- ✅ **All File Types**: Downloads PDFs, HTML, images, and all other files
- ✅ **HTML Rewriting**: Converts index.html files to use local paths
- ✅ **Book List**: Generates `book-list.txt` with all PDF files and paths
- ✅ **Hash-Based Duplicate Detection**: Uses MD5 hashes to accurately identify truly identical files
- ✅ **Interactive Cleanup**: Asks which duplicate to keep before deletion
- ✅ **Persistent Choices**: Remembers your duplicate resolution choices for future runs (no repeated prompts)

### Parser Script (`parse_books.py`)
- ✅ **Multi-core Processing**: Utilizes all CPU cores for parallel PDF processing
- ✅ **GPU Acceleration**: GPU-accelerated embedding generation for 10-50x faster processing
- ✅ **Optimized Performance**: Memory-efficient processing of large PDFs
- ✅ **Text Extraction**: Extracts and cleans text from PDFs using pdfplumber
- ✅ **Smart Chunking**: Chunks text for RAG/Vector database ingestion
- ✅ **Embedding Generation**: Optional on-the-fly embedding creation (saves post-processing time)
- ✅ **Caching**: Skips already processed PDFs (unless forced)
- ✅ **JSON Output**: Structured JSON format with optional embeddings
- ✅ **Progress Tracking**: Real-time progress bars for batch processing

## Duplicate Detection

The sync script includes intelligent duplicate detection that runs after syncing files.

### How It Works

1. **Hash-Based Comparison**: Calculates MD5 hash of each file to determine if files are truly identical
2. **Smart Detection**: Identifies files with the same name in different directories
3. **Content Verification**: Shows you which duplicates have identical content vs different versions
4. **Interactive Cleanup**: Asks you to choose which duplicate to keep
5. **Persistent Choices**: Saves your decisions in `.duplicate_choices.json` for future runs

### Duplicate Resolution

When duplicates are found, you'll be prompted with:
```
📄 Duplicate: vampire - the masquerade.pdf
   Found in 2 locations:

   [1] Classic World of Darkness/Vampire/Vampire - The Masquerade.pdf
       Size: 26.61 MB (27,899,891 bytes)
       Hash: a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8...
   [2] oWoD/Vampire - The Masquerade.pdf
       Size: 26.61 MB (27,899,891 bytes)
       Hash: a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8...

   ✅ All files have identical content (same hash)

   Options:
     1 - Keep this one, delete others
     2 - Keep this one, delete others
     a - Keep all (skip)
     q - Quit duplicate handling

   Your choice [1-2/a/q]:
```

### Persistent Choices

Your choices are automatically saved to `.duplicate_choices.json`. The next time you run the sync script:
- **Previously resolved duplicates won't be shown again**
- **Automatic cleanup** happens based on your saved preferences
- **Only new duplicates** will prompt you for input
- **Hash verification** ensures files haven't changed before auto-applying saved choices

To reset your choices, simply delete `.duplicate_choices.json` in the books directory.

## Parsing PDFs for RAG/Vector Database

After syncing books, you can parse them for ingestion into your RAG system.

### Setup GPU Support (Optional but Recommended)

For GPU-accelerated embedding generation (10-50x faster):

```bash
cd books/
source venv/bin/activate

# Install GPU support
pip install torch sentence-transformers

# Verify GPU is detected
python -c "import torch; print('GPU Available:' , torch.cuda.is_available())"
```

### Basic Usage

```bash
cd books/
source venv/bin/activate

# Parse all PDFs (text only)
python parse_books.py

# Parse with GPU-accelerated embeddings (RECOMMENDED!)
python parse_books.py --embeddings

# Use specific number of workers
python parse_books.py --workers 8 --embeddings

# Larger chunks for more context
python parse_books.py --chunk-size 1500 --overlap 300 --embeddings

# Reprocess everything with embeddings
python parse_books.py --force --embeddings
```

### Parser Options

**Performance:**
- `--workers N` - Number of parallel processes (default: CPU cores - 1)
- `--embeddings` - Generate embeddings (GPU-accelerated if available)
- `--embedding-model MODEL` - Embedding model to use (default: all-MiniLM-L6-v2)
- `--embedding-batch-size N` - Batch size for embeddings (default: 32)

**Processing:**
- `--chunk-size N` - Characters per chunk (default: 1000)
- `--overlap N` - Overlap between chunks (default: 200)
- `--force` - Reprocess all PDFs even if cached
- `--output-dir DIR` - Custom output directory (default: books/parsed)

**Embedding Models (alternatives):**
- `sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2` - Fast, 384 dims (default)
- `sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2` - Better quality, 768 dims, slower
- `nomic-ai/nomic-embed-text-v1.5` - Optimized for retrieval, 768 dims

### Output Format

Parsed books are saved as JSON in `books/parsed/`:
```json
{
  "metadata": {
    "filename": "Book.pdf",
    "relative_path": "World of Darkness/oWoD/Book.pdf",
    "system": "World of Darkness",
    "category": "oWoD",
    "file_size": 5242880
  },
  "processing_info": {
    "total_pages": 250,
    "total_chunks": 500,
    "chunk_size": 1000,
    "embeddings_generated": true,
    "embedding_model": "all-MiniLM-L6-v2",
    "embedding_device": "cuda"
  },
  "chunks": [
    {
      "text": "...",
      "page_number": 1,
      "chunk_id": "abc123def456",
      "word_count": 180,
      "char_count": 950,
      "embedding": [0.123, -0.456, ...],  // Only if --embeddings was used
      "embedding_dim": 384  // Only if --embeddings was used
    }
  ]
}
```

**With Embeddings:** Files include 384-dimensional (or 768 for larger models) vector embeddings ready for direct ChromaDB/vector database insertion.

## Importing to RAG/Vector Database

### ⚠️ Important: Selective Import Strategy

**DO NOT import all books automatically!** Instead, use campaign-specific book sets for better performance and quality.

### Why Selective Import?

✅ **Better Retrieval Quality** - Less noise, more relevant results  
✅ **Faster Searches** - Fewer vectors to compare  
✅ **Lower Memory** - Only load what you need  
✅ **No Rule Conflicts** - Avoid mixing incompatible systems/editions  
✅ **Focused Context** - AI gets relevant rules, not everything  

### Architecture

Your system uses a smart two-tier approach:

```
Global (campaign_id: 0)
└── Core WoD rules available to ALL campaigns

Campaign-Specific (campaign_id: 1, 2, 3...)
└── Only books relevant to that campaign
```

### Import Books Selectively

```bash
cd books/
source venv/bin/activate

# List available parsed books
python import_to_rag.py --list

# List predefined book sets
python import_to_rag.py --list-sets

# Import core rules globally (available to all campaigns)
python import_to_rag.py --import-set core_only --campaign-id 0

# Import Vampire books for campaign #1
python import_to_rag.py --import-set vampire_basic --campaign-id 1

# Import Werewolf books for campaign #2
python import_to_rag.py --import-set werewolf_full --campaign-id 2

# Check what's imported
python import_to_rag.py --list-imported
```

### Available Book Sets

- **`core_only`** - Essential WoD mechanics (minimal)
- **`vampire_basic`** - Core Vampire rules
- **`vampire_full`** - Complete Vampire game
- **`werewolf_full`** - Complete Werewolf game
- **`mage_basic`** - Core Mage rules
- **`crossover`** - Multi-game campaigns (start minimal)

### Model Compatibility

✅ **Works with BOTH LM Studio and Ollama**

The embeddings are only for retrieval. Both models receive the same text chunks:
```
Query → Embedding → Vector Search → Text Chunks → LLM (LM Studio OR Ollama)
```

### Performance Impact

**Small campaign (5-10 books, ~5K chunks):**
- Retrieval: ~50-200ms
- Context size: ~3-5 chunks
- Token usage: Moderate

**Large campaign (50+ books, ~50K chunks):**
- Retrieval: ~500-2000ms ⚠️
- Context size: Often irrelevant chunks mixed in
- Token usage: Higher, less focused

**Recommendation:** Keep campaigns under 15 books for best performance.

## Generated Files

- `book-list.txt` - Complete list of all PDF files with their paths (auto-generated after each sync)
- `parsed/` - Directory containing parsed JSON files (one per PDF)
- `index.html` - Directory listings (rewritten to work locally)
- All downloaded books and files in their original directory structure

## Handling Duplicates

After sync completes, the script will automatically check for duplicate files (same filename in different directories).

**What happens:**

1. Script scans all PDFs and finds files with the same name
2. Shows you all versions with their locations and sizes
3. Asks which one to keep (or keep all)
4. Deletes the ones you don't want

**Example interaction:**
```
📄 Duplicate: Vampire The Masquerade.pdf
   Found in 2 locations:

   [1] Classic World of Darkness/Vampire/Vampire The Masquerade.pdf
       Size: 25.60 MB (26,843,545 bytes)
   
   [2] oWoD/Core Books/Vampire The Masquerade.pdf
       Size: 25.60 MB (26,843,545 bytes)

   ℹ️  All files have identical size - likely the same content

   Options:
     1 - Keep this one, delete others
     2 - Keep this one, delete others
     a - Keep all (skip)
     q - Quit duplicate handling

   Your choice [1-2/a/q]: 1
```

**Options:**
- **1, 2, etc.** - Keep that version, delete all others
- **a** - Keep all versions (skip this duplicate)
- **q** - Stop duplicate checking (keep remaining duplicates)

## Running Periodically

You can run the sync script anytime to check for new additions. It will:
- Skip existing files (if size matches)
- Download only new files
- Update the book-list.txt
- Check for duplicates (interactive)

Example cron job to sync daily at 2 AM:
```bash
0 2 * * * cd /path/to/shadowrealms-ai/books && ./sync.sh >> sync.log 2>&1
```

**Note:** For automated runs (cron), duplicates won't be handled interactively. Run manually when needed to clean up duplicates.

## Statistics

After each sync, you'll see:
- Number of files downloaded
- Number of files skipped (already up to date)
- Number of failed downloads
- Total time taken

## Interrupting

You can safely interrupt the sync (Ctrl+C) at any time. Just run it again to resume where it left off.

## Directory Structure

After running, the books directory will contain:
```
books/
├── sync.sh              # 1. Sync script - downloads books
├── sync_wod_books.py    # Sync implementation
├── parse_books.py       # 2. Parser - extracts text + embeddings
├── import_to_rag.py     # 3. Importer - adds to vector DB
├── requirements.txt     # Python dependencies
├── README.md           # This file
├── venv/               # Virtual environment (auto-created)
├── book-list.txt       # Generated PDF list
├── parsed/             # Parsed JSON files (auto-created)
└── World of Darkness/  # Downloaded books (mirrors website)
```

**Workflow:**
1. `./sync.sh` → Download PDFs
2. `python parse_books.py --embeddings` → Parse + generate embeddings (GPU accelerated)
3. `python import_to_rag.py --import-set vampire_basic --campaign-id 1` → Import selectively

Note: The `venv/` directory is automatically created and managed by the sync script.

Commit message:

v0.7.5: AI Health Checks & Security Hardening 🛡️🔍
Major Updates:
- AI Service Health Checks (LM Studio/Ollama validation before operations)
- OOC Monitoring System (AI-powered IC detection with 3-strike ban system)
- AI Memory Cleanup (automatic ChromaDB purging on deletion)
- Security: Book source URLs moved to .env
- API Endpoint Audit & Fixes (79+ endpoints validated)
- Database: Foreign key enforcement + sqlite3 binary in container
- Quality Over Speed: Comprehensive health checks prevent wasted operations

New Features:
- @require_llm/@require_chromadb/@require_ai_services decorators
- /api/ai/health endpoint for real-time service status
- OOC rooms auto-created and protected from deletion
- Soft-delete for locations with audit trail
- Location deletion purges ChromaDB embeddings
- python-dotenv for environment variable management

Documentation:
- Added docs/OOC_MONITORING.md
- Added docs/AI_MEMORY_CLEANUP.md
- Added docs/API_AUDIT_REPORT.md
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with comprehensive v0.7.5 entry
- Removed sensitive URLs from all documentation

Testing:
- tests/fix_missing_ooc_rooms.py
- tests/check_deleted_locations.py
- tests/test_api_endpoints.py

See CHANGELOG.md for complete details.

books/README.md, after:

# World of Darkness Books Sync

This directory contains the World of Darkness books synchronized from a configured book source (see `.env` file).

## Setup

No manual setup required! The sync script automatically creates and manages its own virtual environment.

Requirements:
- Python 3.7 or higher
- `python3-venv` package (usually included with Python)

If you get an error about venv not being available, install it:
```bash
# Debian/Ubuntu
sudo apt install python3-venv

# Fedora/RHEL
sudo dnf install python3-venv
```

## Usage

Simply run the sync script:

```bash
cd books/
./sync.sh
```

Or from the project root:

```bash
./books/sync.sh
```

The script will automatically:
1. Create a virtual environment (first run only)
2. Install required dependencies (first run or when updated)
3. Run the sync process

## Features

### Sync Script (`sync.sh`)
- ✅ **Recursive Download**: Downloads all files from World of Darkness directory and subdirectories
- ✅ **Resume Support**: Automatically resumes interrupted downloads
- ✅ **Auto-Retry**: Retries failed downloads 3 times with exponential backoff (2s, 4s, 8s)
- ✅ **Rate Limiting**: 1 second delay between downloads to avoid overwhelming server
- ✅ **Smart Skipping**: Skips files that already exist with matching size
- ✅ **Progress Bars**: Shows progress for each file download (no verbose output)
- ✅ **Directory Structure**: Preserves the exact directory structure locally
- ✅ **All File Types**: Downloads PDFs, HTML, images, and all other files
- ✅ **HTML Rewriting**: Converts index.html files to use local paths
- ✅ **Book List**: Generates `book-list.txt` with all PDF files and paths
- ✅ **Hash-Based Duplicate Detection**: Uses MD5 hashes to accurately identify truly identical files
- ✅ **Interactive Cleanup**: Asks which duplicate to keep before deletion
- ✅ **Persistent Choices**: Remembers your duplicate resolution choices for future runs (no repeated prompts)

### Parser Script (`parse_books.py`)
- ✅ **Multi-core Processing**: Utilizes all CPU cores for parallel PDF processing
- ✅ **GPU Acceleration**: GPU-accelerated embedding generation for 10-50x faster processing
- ✅ **Optimized Performance**: Memory-efficient processing of large PDFs
- ✅ **Text Extraction**: Extracts and cleans text from PDFs using pdfplumber
- ✅ **Smart Chunking**: Chunks text for RAG/Vector database ingestion
- ✅ **Embedding Generation**: Optional on-the-fly embedding creation (saves post-processing time)
- ✅ **Caching**: Skips already processed PDFs (unless forced)
- ✅ **JSON Output**: Structured JSON format with optional embeddings
- ✅ **Progress Tracking**: Real-time progress bars for batch processing

## Duplicate Detection

The sync script includes intelligent duplicate detection that runs after syncing files.

### How It Works

1. **Hash-Based Comparison**: Calculates MD5 hash of each file to determine if files are truly identical
2. **Smart Detection**: Identifies files with the same name in different directories
3. **Content Verification**: Shows you which duplicates have identical content vs different versions
4. **Interactive Cleanup**: Asks you to choose which duplicate to keep
5. **Persistent Choices**: Saves your decisions in `.duplicate_choices.json` for future runs

### Duplicate Resolution

When duplicates are found, you'll be prompted with:
```
📄 Duplicate: vampire - the masquerade.pdf
   Found in 2 locations:

   [1] Classic World of Darkness/Vampire/Vampire - The Masquerade.pdf
       Size: 26.61 MB (27,899,891 bytes)
       Hash: a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8...
   [2] oWoD/Vampire - The Masquerade.pdf
       Size: 26.61 MB (27,899,891 bytes)
       Hash: a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8...

   ✅ All files have identical content (same hash)

   Options:
     1 - Keep this one, delete others
     2 - Keep this one, delete others
     a - Keep all (skip)
     q - Quit duplicate handling

   Your choice [1-2/a/q]:
```

### Persistent Choices

Your choices are automatically saved to `.duplicate_choices.json`. The next time you run the sync script:
- **Previously resolved duplicates won't be shown again**
- **Automatic cleanup** happens based on your saved preferences
- **Only new duplicates** will prompt you for input
- **Hash verification** ensures files haven't changed before auto-applying saved choices

To reset your choices, simply delete `.duplicate_choices.json` in the books directory.

## Parsing PDFs for RAG/Vector Database

After syncing books, you can parse them for ingestion into your RAG system.

### Setup GPU Support (Optional but Recommended)

For GPU-accelerated embedding generation (10-50x faster):

```bash
cd books/
source venv/bin/activate

# Install GPU support
pip install torch sentence-transformers

# Verify GPU is detected
python -c "import torch; print('GPU Available:' , torch.cuda.is_available())"
```

### Basic Usage

```bash
cd books/
source venv/bin/activate

# Parse all PDFs (text only)
python parse_books.py

# Parse with GPU-accelerated embeddings (RECOMMENDED!)
python parse_books.py --embeddings

# Use specific number of workers
python parse_books.py --workers 8 --embeddings

# Larger chunks for more context
python parse_books.py --chunk-size 1500 --overlap 300 --embeddings

# Reprocess everything with embeddings
python parse_books.py --force --embeddings
```

### Parser Options

**Performance:**
- `--workers N` - Number of parallel processes (default: CPU cores - 1)
- `--embeddings` - Generate embeddings (GPU-accelerated if available)
- `--embedding-model MODEL` - Embedding model to use (default: all-MiniLM-L6-v2)
- `--embedding-batch-size N` - Batch size for embeddings (default: 32)

**Processing:**
- `--chunk-size N` - Characters per chunk (default: 1000)
- `--overlap N` - Overlap between chunks (default: 200)
- `--force` - Reprocess all PDFs even if cached
- `--output-dir DIR` - Custom output directory (default: books/parsed)

**Embedding Models (alternatives):**
- `sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2` - Fast, 384 dims (default)
- `sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2` - Better quality, 768 dims, slower
- `nomic-ai/nomic-embed-text-v1.5` - Optimized for retrieval, 768 dims

### Output Format

Parsed books are saved as JSON in `books/parsed/`:
```json
{
  "metadata": {
    "filename": "Book.pdf",
    "relative_path": "World of Darkness/oWoD/Book.pdf",
    "system": "World of Darkness",
    "category": "oWoD",
    "file_size": 5242880
  },
  "processing_info": {
    "total_pages": 250,
    "total_chunks": 500,
    "chunk_size": 1000,
    "embeddings_generated": true,
    "embedding_model": "all-MiniLM-L6-v2",
    "embedding_device": "cuda"
  },
  "chunks": [
    {
      "text": "...",
      "page_number": 1,
      "chunk_id": "abc123def456",
      "word_count": 180,
      "char_count": 950,
      "embedding": [0.123, -0.456, ...],  // Only if --embeddings was used
      "embedding_dim": 384  // Only if --embeddings was used
    }
  ]
}
```

**With Embeddings:** Files include 384-dimensional (or 768 for larger models) vector embeddings ready for direct ChromaDB/vector database insertion.

## Importing to RAG/Vector Database

### ⚠️ Important: Selective Import Strategy

**DO NOT import all books automatically!** Instead, use campaign-specific book sets for better performance and quality.

### Why Selective Import?

✅ **Better Retrieval Quality** - Less noise, more relevant results  
✅ **Faster Searches** - Fewer vectors to compare  
✅ **Lower Memory** - Only load what you need  
✅ **No Rule Conflicts** - Avoid mixing incompatible systems/editions  
✅ **Focused Context** - AI gets relevant rules, not everything  

### Architecture

Your system uses a smart two-tier approach:

```
Global (campaign_id: 0)
└── Core WoD rules available to ALL campaigns

Campaign-Specific (campaign_id: 1, 2, 3...)
└── Only books relevant to that campaign
```

### Import Books Selectively

```bash
cd books/
source venv/bin/activate

# List available parsed books
python import_to_rag.py --list

# List predefined book sets
python import_to_rag.py --list-sets

# Import core rules globally (available to all campaigns)
python import_to_rag.py --import-set core_only --campaign-id 0

# Import Vampire books for campaign #1
python import_to_rag.py --import-set vampire_basic --campaign-id 1

# Import Werewolf books for campaign #2
python import_to_rag.py --import-set werewolf_full --campaign-id 2

# Check what's imported
python import_to_rag.py --list-imported
```

### Available Book Sets

- **`core_only`** - Essential WoD mechanics (minimal)
- **`vampire_basic`** - Core Vampire rules
- **`vampire_full`** - Complete Vampire game
- **`werewolf_full`** - Complete Werewolf game
- **`mage_basic`** - Core Mage rules
- **`crossover`** - Multi-game campaigns (start minimal)

### Model Compatibility

✅ **Works with BOTH LM Studio and Ollama**

The embeddings are only for retrieval. Both models receive the same text chunks:
```
Query → Embedding → Vector Search → Text Chunks → LLM (LM Studio OR Ollama)
```

### Performance Impact

**Small campaign (5-10 books, ~5K chunks):**
- Retrieval: ~50-200ms
- Context size: ~3-5 chunks
- Token usage: Moderate

**Large campaign (50+ books, ~50K chunks):**
- Retrieval: ~500-2000ms ⚠️
- Context size: Often irrelevant chunks mixed in
- Token usage: Higher, less focused

**Recommendation:** Keep campaigns under 15 books for best performance.

## Generated Files

- `book-list.txt` - Complete list of all PDF files with their paths (auto-generated after each sync)
- `parsed/` - Directory containing parsed JSON files (one per PDF)
- `index.html` - Directory listings (rewritten to work locally)
- All downloaded books and files in their original directory structure

## Handling Duplicates

After sync completes, the script will automatically check for duplicate files (same filename in different directories).

**What happens:**

1. Script scans all PDFs and finds files with the same name
2. Shows you all versions with their locations and sizes
3. Asks which one to keep (or keep all)
4. Deletes the ones you don't want

**Example interaction:**
```
📄 Duplicate: Vampire The Masquerade.pdf
   Found in 2 locations:

   [1] Classic World of Darkness/Vampire/Vampire The Masquerade.pdf
       Size: 25.60 MB (26,843,545 bytes)
   
   [2] oWoD/Core Books/Vampire The Masquerade.pdf
       Size: 25.60 MB (26,843,545 bytes)

   ℹ️  All files have identical size - likely the same content

   Options:
     1 - Keep this one, delete others
     2 - Keep this one, delete others
     a - Keep all (skip)
     q - Quit duplicate handling

   Your choice [1-2/a/q]: 1
```

**Options:**
- **1, 2, etc.** - Keep that version, delete all others
- **a** - Keep all versions (skip this duplicate)
- **q** - Stop duplicate checking (keep remaining duplicates)

## Running Periodically

You can run the sync script anytime to check for new additions. It will:
- Skip existing files (if size matches)
- Download only new files
- Update the book-list.txt
- Check for duplicates (interactive)

Example cron job to sync daily at 2 AM:
```bash
0 2 * * * cd /path/to/shadowrealms-ai/books && ./sync.sh >> sync.log 2>&1
```

**Note:** For automated runs (cron), duplicates won't be handled interactively. Run manually when needed to clean up duplicates.

## Statistics

After each sync, you'll see:
- Number of files downloaded
- Number of files skipped (already up to date)
- Number of failed downloads
- Total time taken

## Interrupting

You can safely interrupt the sync (Ctrl+C) at any time. Just run it again to resume where it left off.

## Directory Structure

After running, the books directory will contain:
```
books/
├── sync.sh              # 1. Sync script - downloads books
├── sync_wod_books.py    # Sync implementation
├── parse_books.py       # 2. Parser - extracts text + embeddings
├── import_to_rag.py     # 3. Importer - adds to vector DB
├── requirements.txt     # Python dependencies
├── README.md           # This file
├── venv/               # Virtual environment (auto-created)
├── book-list.txt       # Generated PDF list
├── parsed/             # Parsed JSON files (auto-created)
└── World of Darkness/  # Downloaded books (mirrors website)
```

**Workflow:**
1. `./sync.sh` → Download PDFs
2. `python parse_books.py --embeddings` → Parse + generate embeddings (GPU accelerated)
3. `python import_to_rag.py --import-set vampire_basic --campaign-id 1` → Import selectively

Note: The `venv/` directory is automatically created and managed by the sync script.
